With much grandiosity, Assistant U.S. Secretary of State Daniel Russel has been visiting Hong Kong in recent days to focus on Asian affairs, specifically Hong Kong's coming political changes. A spokesperson for China's Foreign Affairs ministry pointed out the China firmly opposes any effort by foreign nations to become involved with affairs related to Hong Kong's governance, and requested the U.S. cease throwing its weight around in Hong Kong. The developments of Hong Kong's government are Chinese internal affairs. America suddenly racing in to try and call the shots is too much, and must be strongly condemned. America's too brazen attempt to intervene in the internal affairs of Hong Kong is really just proof that the central authorities of Hong Kong must, out of love for country and the region, ever diligently attend to the sovereignty and security, especially if they do not want foreign intervention to become the deciding factors in the next general election.

Russel is one of the principal figures in the U.S.'s "rebalance toward Asia" strategy. In regard to the issues of China's sovereignty over the Diaoyu Islands and Taiwan he has an an unyielding and at times threatening message, saying that the U.S. would retaliate against China if it were to attempt annexing Taiwan in a manner similar to Russia's annexation of Crimea. In Hong Kong he has also discussed sensitive issues relating to the upcoming general election, giving bombastic speeches under the guise of attempting to understand political reform, all the while meeting with heads of the opposition political party. It's plan to see that the U.S. has taken a center-stage role in attempting to influence Hong Kong's political development.

Even more unacceptable is Russel's insistence that America and the Occupy Central movement are in no way related, while at the same time reaffirming that America's mission abroad is to promote freedom of speech and assembly, as well as the universal right to vote. This kind of behavior is brazen instigation of the Occupy Central movement. The so-called universal right to vote, far from an international standard, is in fact an American agenda being foisted upon the public opinion of Hong Kong. America's intent is to meddle in the general election with the goal of installing an agent of their own as the chief executive of Hong Kong so that Hong Kong can serve as another between China and Taiwan.

In recent years America's interference in Hong Kong has become more wanton by the day. Ever since America's Hong Kong consular general Xianqian Fu assumed office these activities have been on the rise. America, so brashly involving itself in Hong Kong's affairs, has crossed the line, leading the central government to increase its scrutiny of American activities. The fact at hand is that the the soon to be elected chief executive must be a patriot, a lover of Hong Kong, and must measure up to the most important questions for central authorities in a general election. The most important factor in choosing such a leader must be their loyalty to their country and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region to ensure that in all matters the benefit of the home country is considered above all else and influence of foreign powers is resisted. When it comes to matters of national security, the most crucial question is whether or not the leader can resolutely resist any and all influence from foreign nations in order to safeguard the internal affairs of Hong Kong. At stake is allowing America to influence the general election in order to ruin Hong Kong and undermine China.
